fix(lint/complexity/noUselessFragments): address inconsistencies against ESLint behavior with fragments only containing text. (#7269)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/all-experts-join.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed [#6648](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6648), where Biome's contains inconsistencies with ESLint for fragments only containing text.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Fixed [#6648](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6648), where Biome's `noUselessFragments` contained inconsistencies with ESLint for fragments only containing text.
```

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixes [#6648](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/6648), where Biome's contains inconsistencies with ESLint for fragments only containing text.

Author: Noted; the changeset docs. I'll review/update when I get a chance. Thanks!
